src/pages/index.md, before:

---
templateKey: index-page
title: A New Beginning
image: /img/main-img.jpg
heading: Health coaching to improve your life.
subheading: Start your new beginning to a healthy lifestyle.
mainpitch:
  title: Why Choose Me?
  description: >
   Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Etiam tempus elit lectus, a malesuada neque rhoncus non. Donec aliquet condimentum congue. Praesent vitae magna vel ante dictum tempus. Nulla lobortis tristique lobortis. Fusce vestibulum interdum lectus ut tempus. Aenean volutpat hendrerit pharetra. Vestibulum quis volutpat turpis, a tempor felis.
description: >-
  Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their
  java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee production,
  roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that knowledge to
  anyone.
intro:
  blurbs:
    - image: /img/mind.png
      text: >
        In order to start changing, you have to begin with changing your mindset. We can work together on what that means for you.
    - image: /img/plate.png
      text: >
        Being healthy is also eating healthy. We can figure out a plan that will work for you and your needs.
    - image: /img/weight.png
      text: >
        In order to stay healthy, you need to keep moving. Exercise is key to staying healthy physically and mentally.
    - image: /img/bottle.png
      text: >
        Making choices for your health begins with your mindset. Little steps and changes can make a huge difference.
  heading: What we offer
  description: >
    Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their
    java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee
    production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that
    knowledge to anyone. This is an edit via identity...
main:
  heading: Great coffee with no compromises
  description: >
    We hold our coffee to the highest standards from the shrub to the cup.
    That’s why we’re meticulous and transparent about each step of the coffee’s
    journey. We personally visit each farm to make sure the conditions are
    optimal for the plants, farmers and the local environment.
  image1:
    alt: A close-up of a paper filter filled with ground coffee
    image: /img/products-grid3.jpg
  image2:
    alt: A green cup of a coffee on a wooden table
    image: /img/products-grid2.jpg
  image3:
    alt: Coffee beans
    image: /img/products-grid1.jpg
---

Commit message:

updating about page reflecting what client sent

src/pages/index.md, after:

---
templateKey: index-page
title: A New Beginning
image: /img/main-img.jpg
heading: Health coaching to improve your life.
subheading: Start your new beginning to a healthy lifestyle.
mainpitch:
  title: Why Choose Me?
  description: >
    I know first hand the struggles that go into a lifestyle change. I will be there with you every step of the way providing research based information to guide you in the right direction to take control of your life.
description: >-
  For most of my life I participated in sports and exercised regularly.  I never had problems with my weight or health until my late 30’s.  At that point the number on the scale started creeping up, in spite of being active.  I thought I had a healthy diet.  For the most part, I ate well, based on the Standard American Diet guidelines. However, by following these guidelines and some in between meal snacks, by weight kept going up. In July 2017, I decided to focus on my diet, because I could not out exercise bad eating.  I started on a Ketogenic diet and the weight started falling off.  I decided to research and engulf myself in podcasts regarding how one’s diet affects one’s weight and health. My eyes were opened to a whole new lifestyle, which included what I ate, my exercise and daily activities, sleep and my state of mind. I learned so much that I wanted to share it with anyone who was interested in making positive changes in their health.  This brought me to my decision to obtain my health coach certificate.
intro:
  blurbs:
    - image: /img/mind.png
      text: >
        In order to start changing, you have to begin with changing your mindset. We can work together on what that means for you.
    - image: /img/plate.png
      text: >
        Being healthy is also eating healthy. We can figure out a plan that will work for you and your needs.
    - image: /img/weight.png
      text: >
        In order to stay healthy, you need to keep moving. Exercise is key to staying healthy physically and mentally.
    - image: /img/bottle.png
      text: >
        Making choices for your health begins with your mindset. Little steps and changes can make a huge difference.
  heading: What we offer
  description: >
    Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their
    java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee
    production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that
    knowledge to anyone. This is an edit via identity...
main:
  heading: Great coffee with no compromises
  description: >
    We hold our coffee to the highest standards from the shrub to the cup.
    That’s why we’re meticulous and transparent about each step of the coffee’s
    journey. We personally visit each farm to make sure the conditions are
    optimal for the plants, farmers and the local environment.
  image1:
    alt: A close-up of a paper filter filled with ground coffee
    image: /img/products-grid3.jpg
  image2:
    alt: A green cup of a coffee on a wooden table
    image: /img/products-grid2.jpg
  image3:
    alt: Coffee beans
    image: /img/products-grid1.jpg
---
